README.md, before:

# Tech Blog

## Description
A webpage designed to encourage others to blog about there thoughts, experiences and knowledge on the ever growing field of technology. In addition visitors of the site may read other individuals blog post in order to expand there knowledge. All visitors of the website can view existing blog post but may not create new blog posts or comment on an existing blog post unless they sign-up or login to there account.

## Usage
Any visitor may navigate through the webpage and select a blog post to read.

A new user may create an account using the sign-up button. Once the user has input there desired username and password they are automatically signed in to there account. If user already has an account and is revisiting, they must input their credentials.

A logged in user may navigate through the website, click an existing blog post created by other users and enter a comment. Once the comment is submitted, the user's comment, username and the date created will be saved and displayed on that blog post.

When the user wants to create a new blog post, they are prompted to enter a title and the desired content. Upon clicking the create new blog post button, the blog post is saved and user is redirected to an updated dashboard.

If a user selects a blog post they created, they are able to delete or update their blog post. When they delete or update a blog post they are redirected to an updated dashboard.

If the user clicks the logout button then they are signed out of the site.

## License

Commit message:

Modified README and added additional comments to code. Added additional packages. Attempted to debug the error regarding techblog_db not found, ix is still in progress.

README.md, after:

# Tech Blog

## Description
A webpage designed to encourage others to blog about there thoughts, experiences and knowledge on the ever growing field of technology. In addition visitors of the site may read other individuals blog post in order to expand there knowledge. All visitors of the website can view existing blog post but may not create new blog posts or comment on an existing blog post unless they sign-up or login to there account.

## Table of Contents
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Questions](#questions)
## Usage
Any visitor may navigate through the webpage and select a blog post to read.

A new user may create an account using the sign-up button. Once the user has input there desired username and password they are automatically signed in to there account. If user already has an account and is revisiting, they must input their credentials.

A logged in user may navigate through the website, click an existing blog post created by other users and enter a comment. Once the comment is submitted, the user's comment, username and the date created will be saved and displayed on that blog post.

When the user wants to create a new blog post, they are prompted to enter a title and the desired content. Upon clicking the create new blog post button, the blog post is saved and user is redirected to an updated dashboard.

If a user selects a blog post they created, they are able to delete or update their blog post. When they delete or update a blog post they are redirected to an updated dashboard.

If the user clicks the logout button then they are signed out of the site.
## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
Project is licensed under the MIT License
## Contributing
Send me jelly donuts
## Questions
For all inquiries regarding this project, please contact me at rogeliosnchz@gmail.com
Interested in viewing more of my projects? You may do so by visiting my Github page at [RogelioSan09](https://github.com/RogelioSan09)
